Paragraphs of Features:

1. (Deck) The deck feature will include functionality required for a physical standard 52 card deck. This includes shuffling the deck randomizing the order of the cards in the deck. It includes the values of the card for interpretation by other features. The deck is how the game will keep track of the cards left in play and for when cards have run out. The deck can possibly be designed to include multiple decks of cards for play.
2. (Moves) Blackjack does not have a complicated gameplay. It starts with two cards dealt to each player. The players then go around deciding whether they want additional cards or are fine with what they have. It all depends on the value of the hand. All the number cards’ values are equal to their number, and the three face cards, king, queen, and jack, are each worth ten. The goal is for the total value of the hand to reach 21 without going over or to beat the dealers value. The players must be able to indicate whether they want to hit and receive another card, or stand and keep the cards they have, and the program must respond correctly to the prompts. It must also display that if the player’s hand busts and the value exceeds 21, the player has lost that round. 
3. (Ace Case) In Blackjack, all the cards have a set value, but the ace card is a little more complicated. The ace can have a value of 11 or 1, based on the circumstances around it. As the game is played, if an ace is dealt and the players hand is below a 10, the ace counts as an 11, otherwise, the ace is a 1. But it does not end there. If the game keeps playing with an 11 ace, and a card is dealt that will bust, the ace’s value can change to a 1, to keep the player in the game. The program needs to be able to adapt the value of the hand around these circumstances, without breaking the rules.
4. (Dealer and dealer Rules) The card dealer has a different rule set to that of players in a standard game of blackjack. If the dealer has a total of a value 16 or less, then they must take additional cards until they achieve 17-21 or busting. Additionally, a dealer is typically required to stand with a value of 17 or more. Finally, the dealers first card typically needs to be displayed to the players. These rules will be used in designing the rudimentary dealer for the game. 
5. (basic points system) 
